Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I'm going to need the name of
everyone who was at the ranch.
Any friend that visited
that weekend
could have a connection
to Carrie Finch.
It was just the people
in this room.
You're dating my sister?
Yeah. no.
you're a gambling addict.
and she likes pills.
but you're not really
supposed to date each other.
We're not the same kind
of addict. Peter.
There's a trust I manage.
Let's use the funds
from there to replenish
the Phillips account.
Sure. but whose trust is it?
Lia Irvine.
Why are you always
so eager to get free?
I should still be allowed
to be me. you know.
even though we have a child.
Like. I didn't signed up
for this whole
become a new person thing.
You recognize her at all.
maybe seen her around?
Never seen her.
Brian was a potential
candidate for spinal surgery.
and I told him he wasn't.
Is there a chance
that your husband
may have received
a ransom notification
but perhaps not told you?
-He wouldn't do that.
He wouldn't keep something
that big from me.
You didn't trip
over your own feet.
You tripped over my foot
because I stuck it out.
You're sick.
I'm sick because I want
to help the people around me?
You want the people
around you to need your help!
My favorite thing
about Milo is using him
as an excuse to send you away.
There's a boy at the station.
-Mr. and Mrs. Irvine.
-Oh!
-Hey.
Hey.
-This way.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Milo.
-Mommy!
Hi. hi. hi. hi. hi. hi.
Hi. Oh. sweetheart.
Your face is all wet.
Yeah. I'm sorry. sweetheart.
I'm just so happy to see you.
Are you... are you OK?
Yeah. why?
I don't know.
What?
Where's Carrie?
The medical examination
shows that Milo
wasn't harmed in any way.
How is Carrie still out there?
What would really help right now
is talking to Milo about
what happened this past week.
He may have information we need.
and every second counts.
We're not leaving his side.
Let's do it again.
Oh! Hey. you're so much
faster than me.
And you know what? That's OK.
Because I like my car
because it's red.
-It's blue.
-You're right.
I'm wrong. It is blue.
Wow. you know what that
tells me about you?
What?
That you know the difference
between right and wrong.
Hey. Milo. so you've been
on quite an adventure.
I'd love to hear about it.
We went on vacation.
You did? So you and Carrie?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah?
Can you tell me what happened
on your vacation?
Do you...
you remember. sweetheart?
We...
Hey. so what did you have
for breakfast?
Froot Loops.
Oh. that's a good start
of the day. huh?
Hey. Milo. who took you
to the parking lot tonight?
Was it Carrie?
-No.
Then who was it?
He hid my eyes.
He did? Oh.
But when I opened them.
he was gone.
Oh. he was?
What do you... what do you...
what do you mean. sweetheart?
Oh. and I got to ride
in the trunk also.
The... the trunk...
the trunk of a car?
-Yeah.
-You did. huh?
Can I go now?
Yes. yes. you can. buddy.
Just one more question. please.
Did it feel like
you were in the trunk
like a really long time.
like this?
Was it...
or was it like this?
It was like this.
-So it was quick.
-OK.
-Super fast.
-Yep.
OK.
I think he's just
getting a little tired.
Yeah. no. That's fine.
-Come here. little man.
-Thank you.
We're going home. OK?
Going home.
Thank you.
Oh. Mrs. Irvine.
thought you might
want this back.
-Oh. my God.
-Yeah.
I love you. Daddy.
I love you too. Milo bear.
So my... my son wasn't found.
He was returned?
By who?
-Mr. and Mrs. Irvine...
-Oh. my God.
What's it like being
reunited with your son?
Give us some space please.
Just give us some space.
What if she comes back for Milo?
Oh. my God.
-Is he OK?
-Yeah. he's asleep.
We tried calling you guys.
We were with the police.
but he's all right.
He's... he hasn't been harmed.
Uh. we should get him to bed.
He's going to be real happy
to see you in the morning.
Um...
All that matters is family.
Hey. it's got a fake plate.
It shouldn't take long
to trace the original.
OK.
Hey. I'm going to need officers
out to every motel
within a two-mile radius
of East Bradley
and Ashland Avenue.
Listen. about Brian
and the accident...
I know you must be thinking
all kinds of things.
but it's complicated.
You know I love them.
I would do anything for them.
I don't care about you
or your siblings. Peter.
All I care about is my son.
None of this makes sense.
How he came home to us
doesn't make sense.
but she's not
coming back for him.
I won't let her.
Will my hair be brown forever?
No. sweetheart. no.
It's... it's almost all out.
Just a couple more washes. and
it'll be back to what it was.
Did Carrie ask you if she
could make your hair brown?
It was just dress up.
Carrie has to dress up
too because she's famous.
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. so...
Was she nice to you?
She plays all the games.
Pretty good. huh?
Holy shit.
Milo's home.
Oh. my God. I'm so relieved.
Oh. wow. That's great.
Says he's all right.
He's not injured.
Oh. my God. this is great news.
Has Carrie been caught?
Doesn't say anything about her.
so she must still be out there.
Jacob. can you
get dressed please?
Well. at least
you're off the hook.
-What do you mean?
-With Marissa Irvine.
Well. I haven't been hanging
out with Marissa out of guilt.
I like her.
We've become friends.
I think I should text her.
Also. I've got Quizics
on tomorrow. so you know.
-On a Monday?
-Yeah.
Yeah. we're making up for
the one we canceled last week.
All right.
birthday pancake time.
You want to put in blueberries?
But I want Froot Loops.
But we always...
we always have
birthday pancakes though.
But Carrie let me
have whatever I wanted.
Well. we don't actually even...
we don't have Froot Loops.
Hey. Oh. my God.
Milo! God.
What's going on? Oh.
Nothing. It's fine. We're fine.
-OK.
-It's fine.
Hey. bud. why don't you
go put on cartoons
for you and me. OK?
Thanks. dude. OK?
-Fine. Fine.
-All right.
I don't know how
we're supposed to do this.
There's no guide for this.
Last night.
I couldn't close my eyes.
because I was afraid
if I fell asleep.
then when I woke up.
he would be gone.
I think you
got to get some rest.
It's been a few days.
You're going to collapse. Mar.
We had a baby monitor.
Where is it?
Um. I don't know.
Yeah.
Also. I was thinking about
what you said about Carrie.
I think you're right.
that she cannot get
anywhere near us ever again.
So I think we got to get
more security for the house.
OK?
-Yeah. OK.
Just a minute.
Whoa. whoa.
Whoo.
Hey. thanks for letting me
play with your toys.
I don't have any at my work.
so this is awesome. you know?
Um. can I show you
some pictures?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
They're of different rooms.
and I think it may be
one of them is where
you stayed with Carrie.
Can I show them to you?
-Mm-hmm.
OK.
Here. do you want
to look through these?
Mm-hmm.
And tell me if you see
anything familiar. OK?
They're pictures of motel rooms
within a short drive
from where Milo was found.
Nope.
No.
-OK.
Uh-uh.
Not that one.
No.
That one.
That's the mixed-up bed.
like the chameleon.
Do you...
do you mean the chameleon
with the mixed-up colors?
We know about chameleons
from a book I read him.
OK. OK. we're going to
check this motel.
Hey. you did a good job.
Thank you. Ow.
♪ Da. da. da. da. da. da.
da. da. da. da. da. da ♪
Hey. buddy.
♪ Da. da. da. da.
da. da. da. da. da. da ♪
Wait for Dad.
♪ Da. da. da. da. da. da ♪
Mrs. Irvine. usually when a
kidnapping victim is returned.
it's because
a ransom has been paid.
But I told you we never
received a ransom demand.
Thank you.
It's really good
to see you. Milo.
Yeah. thanks for texting
and for coming over.
Yeah. of course.
Why is your hair brown now?
Oh. let's not be rude. Jacob.
That's OK. That's OK.
Sometimes people look
a little different. right?
That's OK.
-Do you boys want to go play?
She dyed his hair.
So no one would recognize him?
Yeah. I guess so.
At least it's starting
to wash out now.
Not the dinosaur head.
It goes on the bottom like this.
There. that's Woody.
And she had toys for him.
played with him.
dressed him up
and changed his hair.
and it was like she was playing
some fucked-up game of house.
OK. let's go. Come on.
My toys are up here.
and my mom...
You need something stronger.
cocktail. shots. morphine drip?
Yeah.
Oh. man. I'm so fucking lucky.
I mean. what if he...
like he... yeah.
I know.
Thanks for everything yesterday.
I'm sorry if you ever thought
that any of this
was to avoid the lawsuit. or...
I just want to be your friend.
like. actually your friend.
Yeah. I know that.
You've been nothing but kind
and gone above and beyond.
I never thought that
any of this was for show.
What gave you that idea?
-My husband.
-It's mine!
-Hey. hey. hey.
What's happening?
-What's going on?
-That's not even true.
-You can't say that!
You can't!
-What's going on?
Hey. it's all right.
He said Carrie
liked him more than me.
but she was my nanny.
Carrie said we would
never be apart. ever. ever!
I'm sorry.
Maybe this is just too soon.
Yeah. Jake. it's all right.
Jacob. let's go. OK?
All right. let's go.
There's only one room
where a little kid
was recently staying.
And this is it.
Obvious blunt-force trauma
to the head.
But we won't be able to confirm
cause and mechanism of death
until the autopsy is complete.
We'll dust the lamp
for prints. of course.
Thank you.
So I got some clothes
and a passport.
It's fake. No phone.
There's no working CCTV.
We'll sweep the room for
prints. but as for DNA...
It's a motel room.
It's like a DNA cesspool.
Who's this guy to Carrie?
Who buys the kid
they kidnapped a birthday cake?
Well. whoever he is.
I bet you it was his car
Milo was found in.
Which almost certainly means
he's the one who returned Milo.
Then what?
Carrie Finch finds out
and kills him.
just like she killed Kyle Smit.
Yeah. she's
our number one suspect.
and she's still out there.
We're going on a bear hunt.
We're going to catch a big one.
What a beautiful day. Uh-oh.
-A forest.
-A big dark forest.
We can't go over it.
We can't go under.
Oh. no.
we've got to go through it.
Hello. Have you found her?
Oh. my God. was it...
Not going on a bear hunt again.
OK.
Thank you.
I love you.
They found another body
at the motel.
It's a man's.
and they think that...
they think that Carrie did it.
She's killed two people.
and she's still out there.
and she's obsessed with our kid.
OK. it's OK. Come here.
Come here. Come here.
Hey. OK. it's going
to be all right.
I don't think
I can do this. Peter.
All right. you're all right.
I'm here.
She's watching us. I know it.
Daddy. I can't sleep.
I'm coming. Milo bear.
She's watching us.
It's OK. You're OK.
-Daddy.
-Be right back. OK?
-She's watching us. Peter.
-One second. OK?
Hey. what's going on?
I can't sleep.
Hi. Alex.
Jenny. Lee is hoping
to meet this afternoon.
How's 3:00?
-Ah.
Yes. I'm excited to dive in.
Shoot.
Is there a problem?
I know this is short notice.
but that's how Lee is.
No. no. I will make it work.
Thank you.
-Great. thanks. Jenny.
OK. bye. Morning.
Morning. Jacob.
All right. have a good day.
So Milo's back.
Yeah. it's wonderful.
And he's safe.
That's all that really matters.
-Oh. absolutely.
It just doesn't quite add up.
you know?
I know the police
are on top of it.
Um. but Sarah. I had a favor
that I wanted to ask you.
I... Richie does this thing
called Quizics.
It's at school for the kids.
and I have a meeting
that just popped up at work.
And you want me to watch Jacob?
I would be so. so grateful.
Sure. yeah.
And maybe you can volunteer
for the fundraiser.
I mean. after all. us moms
have got to stick together.
I... I will look at it.
Right. OK.
I'll add you to
the group text chain.
All right. I gotta run.
Thank you for your help. Thanks.
This ties into
the existing system.
Is that right?
Yes. these are
remote controlled.
They're the ones
that will detect movements...
-OK.
-And fire up to call reaction.
But we can set up...
You're trying to
keep us out or in?
If you want.
-Excuse me.
-Sure thing.
Can we talk. please?
Come on.
Milo loves you.
You know that. right?
-Don't do that.
You're angry. and
you have every right to be.
My relationship with Lia.
every element of it.
has been colored by
this tragedy between us.
But now we know
it's not even fucking real.
-OK.
-So where does that leave us?
Have you even thought
about that?
God. it's like I had a sister.
but you tried to take her
from me when we were so young.
Man. I was young. too.
You were old enough
to know right from wrong.
I did something stupid because
everything was
happening quickly. and I...
I got scared. and
I didn't know how to undo it.
because the lie got too big.
Well. that's
a shitty fucking excuse.
It's not... it's not an excuse.
I know it's not.
It's just a reason.
I love you. and I love Lia.
and I can't live
without you guys.
I just can't.
We never said
we wouldn't be in your life.
I'll text Lia.
Baby monitor. Baby monitor.
Come on. Where is it?
What are you going to do
about Peter?
I don't know where to start.
Now Brian keeps texting me.
asking me to come over
to try and talk things through.
What the fuck. right?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Col...
I thought I permanently
disabled my little brother.
That does something to a person.
Want me to beat Peter up?
He's got one of those faces.
I can just...
God. I love your view.
Yeah.
Yeah. I do too.
Hey. you know how
we're both addicts. right?
-Yeah.
You are barely an addict-addict.
Ah. gambling still counts.
But. you know. as addicts.
we make a life lying
to everyone all the time.
Yeah?
-Yeah.
So maybe you can.
for the sake of Milo.
lie to Peter.
that everything
might be all right.
Yeah.
I do really want to see Milo.
-Mm-hmm.
And you'll have me
by your side the whole time
'cause...
I kind of love you.
Fuck off.
We got an ID on the dead body...
Rob Murphy.
-Any previous?
He's a bookie.
illegal sports betting.
poker games.
bit of aggravated assault
just to spice things up.
-How does he know Carrie?
-No idea.
But he's got an ex-wife.
Oh. my God.
Mar. Milo and Brian
are making sandwiches.
They ran out of...
You got a ransom call?
When?
When you were
handing out flyers.
So you lied to me...
for days.
Is this why
our son got returned?
No.
No. they told me to get
some cash together.
and I did. and then
they didn't call back.
That's why it's still here.
So you could've fucked up
the return of our son
because you refused
to tell the police
and you refused to tell me.
You had to be that
fucking in control. Peter.
No. I made a decision.
I did this for the right reason.
and you know it.
Do not tell the cops.
Do not. Please don't.
Milo is home. We are together.
That is all that matters.
Please.
Mrs. Irvine?
Mrs. Irvine.
-Have you found her?
No. but the man from the motel
has been identified
as Rob Murphy.
He was heavily involved
in illegal gambling.
Do you have
any knowledge of him?
Is that name familiar at all?
No. no. I've never heard
that name before.
Uh...
Is something wrong. Mrs. Irvine?
-Please.
-Mrs. Irvine. hello?
No.
No. everything's fine.
Thank you.
I like it. I do.
It'll give your back catalog
a boost. which feels...
Worth it.
So we're set for now.
There was...
there was one more thing
I wanted to run by you.
How do you feel about
literary awards?
They don't hand those things
to guys like me.
I... I write airport books.
Well. why do you think
that I pitched to you now?
I could have done it years ago.
but I chose now.
It's because your next title
is the best thing
that you've written in 20 years.
Your previous team
couldn't see that.
but I can.
50% of getting a literary award
is the book that you write.
and the other 50%
is having a marketing team
that knows where to place you.
Let me market this next book
as Lee Logan has turned the page
and is ready to meet
a new audience.
Let me rebrand you.
I want to get you on the
short list for the Edgar Award.
What if it fails?
But what if you win?
Sorry. one second.
Good stuff.
You got a cavalry you can call?
I am the cavalry.
Hi. Sarah. Is Jacob OK?
Hi. Jenny.
Jacob. your mom's here.
I'm sorry to cut this one short.
but Marcy's coming down
with something.
and she really needs to rest.
-Yeah. totally understand.
Sorry she's sick.
I also... I wanted to say
thank you for today.
You've come through
for me twice now.
I really appreciate it.
I don't take it for granted.
I just was in
a real pinch today. so...
No. I'm sure that you were.
I did try to call Richie.
just so that you know.
But he didn't pick up.
even though we passed him
on our way back
from the playground.
He was in the parking lot.
and he didn't seem to be busy.
No. no. he's at school.
at Quizics.
-Hey. Mom.
-Hey.
Can you go wait for me
down there please?
Thank you.
Yeah. I know
that's what you said.
but we definitely saw him.
Look. I don't want
to get involved.
but it just seems like
maybe the two of you
are not in sync at the moment.
and I don't know.
Now that Milo's home.
maybe you can focus more
on what's going on
in your own home. you know.
for your family's sake.
What are you insinuating?
I'm not a bad mom.
I'm a fucking great mom.
Why is everything
automatically my fault?
Why? And you know what?
I'm not volunteering
for your fucking fundraiser.
No. no. no. no.
OK. well. she finally
bares her teeth.
Who knew they were
even in there.
-Can we go home now?
-Not yet. sweetie.
Mommy has something
she needs to do.
So Rob Murphy's ex-wife
lives in South Shore.
same neighborhood
Kyle Smit grew up in.
Maybe... maybe Rob's
connected to this whole thing
through Kyle. not Carrie.
Maybe they're all connected.
What's the ex-wife's name again?
-Irene Murphy.
-Hmm.
Daddy's car.
I eat in a day
when I'm on a cruise
around the Caribbean.
-Oh. my God. you guys.
I have just discovered
the most...
When your dog...
-I smell whey.
-With the protein shake.
A-ha!
So much better. right?
I mean. it's chic. right?
-So this is Quizics?
-Uh...
You made it up?
No. no. no. it was...
it was real.
It just... some of the kids
stopped signing up.
and it sort of just disbanded.
When?
Uh. last semester.
OK. look. I get it.
I... this looks bad. all right?
But just give me a sec.
I mean.
I did this for you. really.
You did this for me?
Well. yeah. to kind of
force you to show up at home.
I'm sorry. What?
Well. yeah. so you could
spend more time with Jacob.
I mean. it's actually
a really good thing. if you...
if you think about it. you know?
Every Quizics class.
you sit in your car.
and you scroll on your
fucking TikTok like a teenager
to teach me a lesson?
We both know
that's fucking bullshit.
Look. sometimes
I need a bit of space
and time and a little
fucking self-care. too.
all right?
-Oh. God. I know.
Boy. do I know.
Right. so this doesn't have
to be. like. a big deal.
I know because I dream of it.
But I don't get it.
I don't get it. Richie.
not even when I'm peeing.
because every second of my life
is thinking about our son
and being this constant mom.
-Yeah. who works all the time.
And that.
that thing that you do.
where you secretly hate
that I have a job that I love.
-That is so not true.
-You don't support me in it.
You don't make life easy
for me to do it.
And let's face it.
you fucking resent it.
It makes everything else
harder. Jen.
And what?
Your job is just a given?
You know. I would love
to sit in my fucking car
and scroll fucking Reels
and eat fucking chips.
But I don't because it's
about being an adult. Richie.
And you know what?
I wouldn't lie to you
to get it either.
And that's not true because
I lie to you all the time.
I have been so unhappy
for so long.
How am I supposed
to know that. Jen?
Because it's obvious! Yes.
And I tell you.
I ask for your support.
And you fight me on it.
You make it so hard
to get your help.
And you do it on purpose.
so I'll stop asking.
Deep down. you're fine
with me being miserable.
Fuck. I don't want
Jacob to think that
this is what happiness is.
that this is what
a woman is supposed
to feel like.
Not exactly having
the best time here myself. Jen.
I want a divorce.
I don't want my son to hate me.
I would never let that happen.
Promise.
But when he gets older.
he'll look back.
and he'll understand
why this happened.
And he won't treat a woman
the way that you've treated me.
-Irene Murphy?
-Uh-huh.
-I think we met before.
-Yeah?
Well. I'll say the same thing
now I said back then.
I don't talk to cops.
We have news about
your husband. Rob Murphy.
Ex-husband.
Whatever that dumb fuck
has got himself involved with.
I don't need to know.
We aren't together.
I'm afraid he's dead. ma'am.
About time. That all?
No.
I think you should let us in
because. this time.
you do talk to cops.
Ma'am. your ex-husband
appears to have
been involved in the
kidnapping of Milo Irvine.
Well. the kid was returned.
so does that mean
he fucked it up?
The two others involved
in the kidnapping
are Kyle Smit and Carrie Finch.
Has he ever mentioned
those names?
-No.
-No?
Do you have a photo of Rob?
Only photo I got is in here.
He used to be good looking.
until he got old.
You two have a child together?
Yeah. we have a kid.
I don't talk to her either.
-What's her name?
-Josephine Murphy.
-Date of birth?
2003. January something.
Was cold as shit.
So she's. like. 22 years old.
same age as our kidnapper?
I know you have
a picture of her.
Either you give it to us.
or we're going to come back
with a warrant
and a whole bunch
of police vehicles.
Up to you.
Caroline Finch.
Your daughter is our kidnapper.
I think he's asleep.
Hey. we're safe
in the house. OK?
The new security system
is up and running.
Uh-huh.
Fuck.
-What's up?
Uh. the dead guy from the motel.
he was a bookie.
OK. Why does that matter?
It matters because
the Phillips account at work
was flagged by
Internal Operations
for suspicious activity.
and I got a call about it on
the day that Milo went missing.
and Colin said that
he'd take care of it.
-And did he?
-Yeah. he did.
But it's not just
the Phillips account
that has suspicious activity.
It's a lot of the accounts.
including Lia's.
I... I think that Colin
is defrauding the company.
And I think that he might be
involved in the kidnapping.
Fuck.
I'm going to call Lia.
♪ I ain't never going nowhere ♪
♪ I ain't never.
I ain't never going nowhere ♪
♪ I ain't never going nowhere ♪
♪ I ain't never.
I ain't never going nowhere ♪
♪ So lean your head ♪
♪ I ain't never going nowhere ♪
-Is it locked?
-Yeah.
Ah!
-What up? Hey. whoa.
-I got it!
The fuck is this. Fort Knox?
We're here.
I need to talk to him.
I think we should think
about this first.
No. I want to talk to him now.
Hey. how's Milo?
This can't be because of you.
What can't be because of me?
Please. tell me this is
just a misunderstanding.
I have seen
the company accounts.
all the bank transfers.
What the fuck is going on.
Colin?
I relapsed once six months ago.
What?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-But why?
-Because I...
I'm happy with you.
I love you. and I...
I thought I was
going to fuck it up.
And so I fucked it up.
and I relapsed. OK?
And...
-Col.
I lost big.
My bookie came to visit me
Easter weekend at the ranch.
And I know... listen...
I know...
I know that
I should have told you
when the detective was here
asking about Easter.
but I didn't think that
there would be any connection.
I mean. how could there be?
-Well. you didn't know that.
You didn't know that
there was a connection.
You stayed... you stayed quiet?
You were never going to tell us.
No. no. no. I was.
I was going to tell you.
and I came to the house
to tell you.
And I was trying to.
and I was working up the nerve.
and then you guys just
started fucking fighting.
Everybody was yelling
and screaming.
And then... and then
Milo came home.
and it was over.
I have been moving money
around our accounts
for the last few months.
trying to cover
the hole for as long as I could.
And I was running out of time.
so I put my house up on
the market to repay the firm.
And that is the truth. OK?
That is...
that is all of it. Mar.
all of it.
It's not all of it. Colin.
Your bookie was found murdered
in the motel room
that my son was being held in.
His name was Rob Murphy.
I feel like I don't know
anything anymore.
Please understand.
all of this that's happened.
I didn't know...
-What?
That there wouldn't be
consequences to your actions?
Why didn't you think that?
-I did. I did. I just...
Bullshit. Bullshit.
You never thought of anything.
You never thought of me.
of our company. of everything
that's on the line.
You never thought of Milo.
-You know that's not true.
-You didn't.
No.
-You have to believe me.
-I never knew.
-Bullshit.
I would lay in traffic
before I hurt that kid.
Mar. please.
Look. please... I am not lying.
Hello.
Mr. Irvine. does the name
Josephine Murphy
mean anything to you?
Mr. Irvine. does the name...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm